# WP Master Plugins
This repository contains boilerplate plugins and code snippets for use on website projects. There are three separate but related plugins contained here. Each plugin has a main file that calls self-contained child snippet files. This is a public version of our agency's plugin set, with client-related snippets removed. 
1. The /mu-plugins/ directory contains security and performance-related scripts. This directory should be copied to /wp-content so that mu-plugins lives on the same level as the plugins and themes directories. MU Plugins like this cannot be deactivated without being deleted manually. The /pkpd-mu/pkpd-mu.php file controls which snippets run as part of this plugin. 
2. The /plugins/pkpd-masterplugin/ directory contains a plugin that calls agency standard functions. These probably don't need to be changed on most sites. This directory should be copied to /wp-content and activated through the WordPress plugins menu. The pkpd-masterplugin.php file controls which snippets run as part of this plugin. 
3. The /plugins/pkpd-wpthemes/ directory contains a plugin that calls theme and site-specific functions. These need to be modified to suit the specific needs of the theme and/or site. This directory should be copied to /wp-content and activated through the WordPress plugins menu. The pkpd-wptheme.php file controls which snippets run as part of this plugin. 

Throughout the repository, we use the prefix "pkpd" on plugins and functions within snippets to prevent conflicts with existing functions. As a good practice, you should replace this prefix with one that is unique to you or your projects. 
